Joseph goes to Congress and he makes a
prophecy at that time and he says,"I
prophesy in the name of the Lord that if
Congress will not hear our petition and
redress our grievances." He said, "They
will be wiped clean, there will be
nothing left of them, not even a grease
spot." You members, your minds are
darkened and you're under condemnation
because you have treated lightly. We are
losing the freedom battle. We are
losing. Our families are falling apart.
Our marriages are falling apart. Every
every year statistically, we're not
doing well. Genesis 50 where then Joseph
of Egypt prophesies Joseph Smith is the
administrator of the covenant of liberty
and the covenants of salvation. So where
does God send his righteous priest of
kings like George Washington and I call
him a king because he came back to the
St. George temple and what did he get?
His ordinances. His ordinances to be a
king and even his second anointing. And
then he says, "Then the foreign saints
shall come to fight for the land of my
vineyard."
Okay, guys. I have to say, I know this
episode is longer, but it is amazing. I
just got done recording it with Hannah.
And if you really want to have your
socks blown off and and your mind opened
to the incredible role of the elders of
Israel in the last days and what who you
really are a and and what you're
supposed to do and the prophecies,
you've got to listen to this. It is
amazing. Um I'm still kind of reeling um
from all of it. So give it a listen. I
know it's longer uh but it is definitely
worth your time. And without any further
ado, here's the episode.
>> It's kind of concern. It's It's not kind
of, it's very concerning actually that
this would be so controversial because
it's not as though we're presenting
something new. We're saying, "Let's stay
with the foundation of the church." For
over 200 years, these were our
doctrines. These were our teachings.
This was our history. This was the way
we saw the world. And now there's a
progressive influence trying to change
that. and we're just saying let's hold
to the foundation. Let's let's preserve
it. It is solid. The scriptures are
true. They are reliable. So, you
wouldn't think that's so controversial,
but again, like you're saying, it is. It
hit strike it definitely strikes a
nerve, which tells you h this is very
important. I I actually think we're at a
defining point in our church's history
right now where we're kind of choosing
what direction we want to go.
>> No, I I agree with that. And actually
that that brings us to the point of our
conversation today because I personally
so what we do at Sendme is we're trying
to get the elders of Israel to be ready
to fulfill their prophetic destiny uh
when it comes to the constitution the
last days defending their their faith
their freedom their family um h so I
believe in my own opinion here is that a
big reason why the latter saint men are
have been so passive and quiet and
docile is because of this these
progressive forces upon the church. And
it does stem from the the the
historicity, right? Like like what sort
of sources they use and stuff. And so
when when they destroy your heroes, when
they when they kill your heroes is a
phrase a lot of people like to use,
you're kind of left thinking, well, is
there any good left? And so and because
a lot of what gives you courage to step
forward and say, here my lord, send me I
will face the flames. is to feel like
you have a hero to look up to when you
have no more of those. You go, "Oh, like
nothing is as it seems. I guess these
anointed men are just as grungy and
nasty as I am." And I was hoping they'd
be more cuz I want to aspire to be more,
right? So, I think that that that's a
that colludes to the the um oppressive
forces on them to, you know, about how
they could be oppressive because they're
men and so forth. So, with that in mind,
I wanted to ask you, and I I'm going to
look over here because I wrote the
questions down, so I didn't screw this
up. But, uh, how do we help the men
prepare to fulfill their prophetic
destiny? And specifically, what are what
are those prophecies? And, uh, you know,
uh, who are they? Who who are the elders
really? Like, who are they in these last
days? Because a lot of times we just
kind of go, "Oh, we're the elders of
Israel." You know, it's like
>> it's not a cool thing. It's Yeah. It's
just kind of like, yeah, we're the dudes
in the church.
>> Um,
>> we have white shirts and ties and we go
shoes on Sunday.
>> That's right. We minister sometimes,
right? Uh, but there's there's there's
more to it than that. So, uh, I'll hand
it over to you. Um, where do you want to
start?
>> Okay. Yeah. Um, I think that is that's
an that's a really important question.
And again, what view how are we going to
approach answering this question? And
the approach that again we've always
taken our family and the Joseph Smith
Foundation is we go back to what have
the prophets taught? You kind of hinted
at this in your question too. Um what
actually do the scriptures say? Um and
and approaching it from that viewpoint.
So just a little bit of background to
explain kind of um set the stage for
this. So I grew up in definitely a
patriotic home. My dad was very
patriotic. He was doing the Fourth of
July breakfast in the ward and telling
the stories of how George Washington,
the bulletproof George Washington and um
I grew up kind of a funny story. I don't
think I've ever told this story before.
When I was nine or 10, I had this um
health condition and I couldn't couldn't
walk for a period of time. So, I was
watching movies, right? Right. And I'm
I'm nine or 10. So, I'm watching Little
House on the Prairie and Pride and
Prejudice, right? And my dad comes in,
he's like, "Oh, you must be so bored."
He's like, "Here." And it was a cassette
tape of Cleon Scousin's Miracle of
America seminar. I don't even know if
you can get them anymore. I'm I'm going
to be honest. I popped it in, lasted
about 15 seconds. I was like, "This is
the most boring thing on the planet. I I
cannot."
But my dad just he was so so passionate.
And um when I was growing up, I didn't
really connect with that. I was I was
very fascinated in defending the family.
I loved I loved the Old Testament. I
loved doctrine. I loved music. I I
wanted to write novels. That was kind of
the direction I wanted to go. And I felt
like politics was just really boring.
Like it's just picketing at the capital,
calling your senators,
talking about these concepts like
unalienable unalienable rights and the
electoral college. I'm like, I am sure
it's important. Like, I'm not saying
it's not someone's fight, but I just
really don't connect with it and I don't
care. And like, of course, religious
freedom, it's great. Like, my ancestors
came on the Mayflower. It's it's really
important. Great. I will stand, you
know, to the death on that. knowing like
all the articles in the Constitution,
not not
and when I was 18, um my dad felt
impressed that we were supposed to do a
documentary on the Book of Mormon and
how it um testifies of government
principles. So, this is the documentary
that it is now titled for a day divinely
sanctioned governments. And when my dad
was like, "Hey, this is what we're
supposed to do." And I prayed about it
and I knew, "Yeah, this is what we're
supposed to do." I wasn't really
excited. I was like, "This is going to
be a boring six months. let's just get
through this project.
But that project actually changed my
life. And that is why I want to start
here because the approach that the
documentary took was that the Book of
Mormon is the primary textbook written
for us for our day on government. And I
haven't really heard anybody talk about
it in that clear and bold of terms. I've
heard people talk about, oh yeah, like
there's freedom in the Book of Mormon,
but actually saying, okay, if we're
going to fight to save the Constitution,
which maybe we need to lay that
groundwork right there for those that
don't know, there are so many prophecies
from Joseph Smith. It's not just one or
two. There's many, there's dozens where
he said that the day was going to come
when the Constitution was going to hang
by a thread. It started in his day. The
rights of the people were being eroded
in his day. So, it's been a long thing,
but he said eventually it's going to be
completely hanging by a thread. and that
if it was saved at all, he said the
elders of Israel would be the ones who
would stand up and save it. So,
>> can I can I interject here?
>> Go for it.
>> Because that's something I've brought up
before uh on the channel is that he said
if he didn't say a lot of people record
it as they don't put the if in there.
They just kind of say, you know, then
the others come forward and they and
they save the Constitution. But he said
if which is a very scary thing to
consider.
>> Yeah. Yes,
>> because it means that we got to put our,
you know, put ourselves together to to
defend this and get and get ready to uh
to to actually save it. Because as far
as I'm aware, you know, we'll look at
the prophecies of the last day. This is
not going to be great stuff happening.
There's going to be some really bad
stuff. Um but ultimately, the
Constitution will come back if it does
go away cuz we don't save it. It's still
going to be used when the Christ comes
again to to spread forth a a political
um you know uh power across the world.
But how much better would it be for us
in the world, especially in America, if
if we didn't uh, you know, fail fail to
save it?
>> Yeah. No, it's so critical. Um, I'm just
pulling up here because what you're
bringing out is a very important point
that I think a lot of people don't
recognize. We we talk about, oh, you
know, I'm just waiting for Jesus to come
back. When Jesus comes back, and there's
this quote from John Taylor that I love.
He's very bold, but he says, "If Zion is
never built up, the Lord will never
come, for he must have a people and a
place to come to." And there are other
teachings from the prophets along those
lines, but essentially he's saying,
"We're not waiting for Jesus to come
back. He's waiting for us essentially."
You know, I mean, the Lord has his own
timeline. He has a way of speeding
things up, and he will.
>> Yeah.
>> But um but he he needs a place to come
to. If if Zion is built, it's because we
will build it. If the Constitution is
saved, it's because we are going to be
the ones to do it. And I do believe that
we will. I believe um
I don't know about the the nations and
all that stuff. That's a whole another
conversation. But, you know, but but the
principles of liberty and building up
Zion, which will be a place based on
freedom and having those constitutional
rights, I I believe we will. And I
believe the time is now for people to
get engaged. So the question is how do
we do it? Um because I I I sometimes
believe in being a realist. Um I like
being optimistic a lot of times but
sometimes you just got to face the
facts. And if you look at where we're
heading as a people, we are losing the
freedom battle. We are losing. If we
think we're winning, like I am so
grateful for all of the successes we
have and the good things that happened,
but big picture every year it gets
worse. We're losing. Um our families are
falling apart. Our marriages are falling
every every year statistically we're not
doing well
>> including the Latter Day Saint
community. In fact, we are we are
downward spiraling faster than the
world's uh than the world is. Right. The
rate or year-over-year is actually we
are we are catching up to the rest of
the world at a very fast rate.
>> Really, really scary. A study just
recently came out even on the number of
young people that are leaving the
church. That's very recent. um Janna Ree
and I was looking at that with my sister
and I was like, "Holy cow, it's worse
than I thought." So, yes. So, we're
we're in a we're in a bad situation. So,
the question is why are we losing?
Because there's a verse in the Doctrine
of Covenants. I don't have it right in
front of me, but where the Lord clearly
says, and he was talking in context of
redeeming Zion, he says, "If you will
keep the commandments, he says from this
time forward, evil will not prevail
against you. You are not going to
struggle." So sometimes we just think
it's the last days. We're just going to
have our hard time. No, we're supposed
to be blessed. We have a right to
protection and blessing. So what are we
doing wrong? And a lot of times it's a
sin of ignorance and not so much
deliberate rebellion. I really feel like
our generation as a people, we we just
don't know. My my generation, the
millennials, the Gen Z's down, we just
don't know. And that's one of the
biggest things again like with the
Joseph Smith Foundation we felt so
passionate about is we're like we want
to get the words of these prophets in
the hands of the people because if they
at least know they will be empowered and
then I I believe like we have some of
the best spirits being born right now
they'll do this. So anyway enough intro.
Um so what what are we doing wrong and
how do we fix this? I really believe as
a first step that we need to recognize
that the Book of Mormon is that tool.
And we're going to go into a little bit
more like you said, the elders of Israel
talking about prophecy and some things
like that. But just just as a way of
just kind of thinking about this a
little bit, um
Mormon
was one of the greatest prophets to walk
the face of this earth. And he sees our
day and vision. His son Moroni says, "I
see you. I know your doings. I know you
specifically." He's like, "I saw you,
Alexander, and I saw you, Hannah." Like,
he he he saw us. He knew exactly what we
were facing, um where we'd be off, what
we needed to do. And they wrote a book
specifically designed for us. So,
logically then, the strategy to save the
Constitution, because there is again,
and and we talked about this before we
got on this call, a lot of times people
are like, "Constitution?" Like, that's
not so much what we're talking about.
We're talking about preserving liberty.
We're preserving the right to be able to
raise your family so they even have the
ability to worship God. So they even
have the ability to progress. Being able
to have the right to own property so you
can even make choices to serve people to
build Zion. If if that's taken away, the
gospel is done overnight.
So that's what we're really talking
about here. We use the term
constitution, but it's really those
principles of liberty, right? Um, so
it's it's critical. It re by reason
logically Mormon and Moroni would have
they're war generals. They're they're
right there engaged. They they know
freedom, liberty, how to fight this
battle firsthand. They would have put
the strategy in there. And it was only
about a year after the church was
organized. Joseph Smith get gets this
revelation from the Lord where the Lord
calls the church to repentance. And he's
really, really strong. And he tells the
church, he says, "You members, your
minds are darkened and you're under
condemnation because you have treated
lightly the Book of Mormon and the other
revelations."
That's that's pretty strong. Like under
condemnation, like when we talk a
building being condemned, what does that
mean? It means this is unusable.
>> Tear it down.
>> Yeah.
>> It's worthless. Move out. Move on. You
know, and I'm not saying, you know, the
the church is lost. We're not saying
that. But what he's saying is you guys
cannot move forward. You are stuck and
everything is going to fall apart until
we turn directions. Ezra Tav Benson said
when he was alive that that condemnation
was still in place. We have
>> actually that was my question I was
going to ask you is if you thought the
church was still under condemnation. And
so Ezra TF Benson said we it was still
in place. I'd imagine it is today
because I don't I'm not exactly seeing
us in a better position
constitutionally, you know, defending
freedom and even following the doctrine
as we have it of I don't see it being
better than the 60s and 70s
>> statistically in just about any area. um
retaining our youth, our marriages, our
mental health, our um purity of our
doctrine, freedom, we're not doing well.
Again, I don't want to be like negative,
but I I feel like if we can just at
least confront here's where we we're at
and there is a solution now. Let's go.
Let's t turn the tide. And actually
turning the tide is really easy. I feel
like Satan always makes things
complicated. We've got a millions of
dollars and we've got to organize
rallies and we've got to change this
whole cesspool in Washington and we've
got to pass all these laws and I've got
to go study Thomas Jefferson's writings.
And I'm personally like that's why I
felt overwhelmed when I was a kid. I'm
like, have you seen the Federalist
Papers? I'm not getting through that
before I'm 50 years old. Like like I I
love the real George Washington, the
biography that NCCS put out. To be
honest, I haven't gotten through the
whole thing. Like I I can't read all all
of John Adams and Thomas Jefferson's
letters. Like this is this is
overwhelming and frankly I see millions
of other people doing it and we're not
turning the tides. So I don't really
you're not selling me on this, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And um and I'm not putting down
anything with studying the founding
fathers. Absolutely not. My sister was
here like Thomas Jefferson is her
ultimate hero. So she'd probably be like
question it.
I love I love those guys. They came back
to the temple. They are some of the
greatest men, like Wilfred Wood said,
some of the greatest spirits to walk
this earth. But
um something that my dad taught me
growing up that has been probably one of
the most significant saving factors in
my life is the concept of submission
when God gives you an inspired leader.
And he demonstrated that in our home
repeatedly. Ezra Tapbenson teaches about
music. He says, "Don't listen to music
with an offbeat." My dad was like,
"Okay, then that's what we're doing."
Um, Brigham Y. Young says, "Hey, have
your home be clean." Okay, that's what
we're doing. These men, and not in a
blind obedience sense at all, you know,
pray to get your witness and they're not
perfect and whatever, right? But for the
most part, like there is a wealth and we
we we go to the Lord to know how to
fight this fight. So, kind of taking
this approach, this was a few years ago.
Um, kind of taking everything I learned
growing up plus so many conversations
with freedom fighters and so many
people. I kind of sat down and I was
just praying and I was like, God, how do
we actually fight this battle in a way
where we're going to win? And I felt led
to some of this information, which we're
talking about and are going to continue
talking about here, that if we really
want to turn the tide, we have to fight
the battle. the right way and that the
first key to doing that is going to be
the Book of Mormon. It's absolutely
critical. Um, we could talk about that
for a while, but I think you want to get
into some of the the other stuff, too.
So,
kind of briefly say on the Book of
Mormon, like it is loaded with all the
principles and if we actually took it
seriously and used it that way to
convert our kids,
>> I think we would see a massive change
overnight.
>> 100%. And you know, I I will just add
this really quickly and that is I don't
remember who who had said it and maybe
it was the leader or maybe it was a
friend, but they said that the Book of
Mormon is the greatest polit political
document ever created. Um because I mean
like it was funny because I'd always
heard that about the Constitution, but I
had never heard that about the Book of
Mormon. And I had believed that the Book
of Mormon had very I mean I love the war
chapters. Not just because I'm a dude.
I'm like war, but because ever since I
was young, I I saw really big lessons in
there. I'm like, "Holy crap." But like
this I see this happening now. So yeah,
so we then we have the Book of Mormon
and you you're helping us understand
that we're in a we're kind of in worse
condition now. So we still have this
condemnation until you know we we stand
up and defend this. Um but obviously the
Constitution is a big heavy thing.
Trying to read all these things is is
you know is a kind of a bog. So if we go
to go to our spiritual route which is
the Book of Mormon we know is true but
also who we are then um what did Joseph
Smith have to say about these sort of
things?
>> Yeah. Well, Joseph Smith
um we won't get into all of this right
now, but I I I feel like in this podcast
I'm going to throw out a lot of things
and we're not going to be able to go
into all of them in detail or we'd be
here for six hours, but I'm still going
to throw them out because I want people
to go study. I want people to go be
like, "Huh, what's she talking about? Go
do the research. You can find it. You
can find it just like I found it. Um,
but Joseph Smith, a lot of people don't
realize that Joseph Smith did a lot of
political work, especially in the period
of Nauvoo. So, you know, they go through
all the refiners fire in Missouri. They
come to Nauvoo. This is when he restores
the Temple Endowment. And the Temple
Endowment is actually very connected to
the battle to save the Constitution.
It's a hilaria, but they are inex
completely linked. But um
>> I want Never mind. We'll keep going. I'm
like, I want to ask.
>> Um at the same time, um Joseph Smith
organizes what's called the council of
>> and he brings in all of these men and he
says, "Okay, I've established the
church, but now I'm also going to
establish the kingdom of God." They are
two distinct and separate entities. Um,
the church administers the spiritual
ordinances to come into the presence of
God. And the kingdom is the political
structure that should be in place when
Jesus Christ returns during the
millennium. And it's run by the
priesthood. And um, and that's important
because in Joseph Smith's day, he kind
of set it up separate. Um, Brigham Young
afterwards blended the two. So he he put
the church in with the kingdom together.
And but um so this is um principles of
like the united order. This is the
political aspect. And a lot of people do
not know that as part of setting up this
council of 50,
he actually there was a ceremony where
he was crowned king over Israel with
hosanis.
>> That's right.
>> And yeah and this was not just a
touchyfey like oh that's so cute like
he's a king. like no, he was saying I am
we're going to restore the kingdom of
Israel. I am the direct bloodline
rightful successor to the throne of
David, which he was. Um, we have a
documentary called Hidden Bloodlines,
the Grail and the Lost Tribes in the
Lands of the North. People can look into
there. But Joseph Smith was not just
Ephraim. He was also Judah. And that's
documented with prophet quotes. This is
not just some wild hair idea. It's very
solid. So he he had the legal right to
the priesthood and also to the throne,
the political structure of Israel. And
he was like, "Okay, this is part of the
restoration of all things and we're
restoring this." And he told Lyman
White, "I want you to go to Texas.
You're going to set up a kingdom there.
We're going to go to the Rocky
Mountains. We're going to set up literal
a literal kingdom." And this is actually
the Nauvoo Expositor, which was the
printing press that was, you know,
started printing all this stuff. and we
say it was like all these lies about the
saints and and it was declared a public
nuisance, destroyed and that's what led
to Joseph Smith actually going to uh to
Carthage.
Um if you read the Navio Expositor, yes,
it is lies but a lot of it is things
that Joseph Smith was teaching but
twisted, right? And that's what the enem
is always
>> the tribune.
>> Yeah.
They give you this twisted version. So
it's not really true but it is rooted.
So, and and it was these men that were
freaking out. In fact, they're writing
in the Nabio Expositor. They're like
citizens of the United States. This man
is literally setting up his own
government. He is going to overthrow the
United States of America. He's talking
about it. He's talking about how the
United States government is going to
have an end and his government's going
to replace it and he's crowning himself
a king. Like, what are you doing? Stand
up. Like, you know, and that's what was
inciting the people. And now the truth
is Joseph Smith was not calling for the
United States to be overthrown and all
all of this. What he was teaching is
that eventually all the nations of the
earth will kind of implode. They'll
destroy themselves through wickedness.
They're they they they will destroy
themselves. And when freedom is lost and
everyone is scrambling in chaos looking
for like where do we go? Where can we be
safe? He's saying, "I've organized the
elders with the political principles,
with the priesthood authority, and with
the understanding of how to set up Zion
communities where people can come and be
safe, where they will have freedom of
religion, where they will be able to um
be protected, even if they're they're
Muslim." He he he says this. He says
during the millennium, there's going to
be Muslims alive and people of all
faiths. And there were people in the
Council of 50 actually who were not
members, which I'm always kind of
curious about that. I'm like, "So, you
have some men there that are like, you
know what? I'll crown you as king. I
can't really accept you as a prophet,
but I can crown you as a king."
>> That's what I thought was strange, too.
Actually, it was like, okay, it's quite
>> in my mind, I'm like, can you have one
or the other other but for them, they
were like, this man will protect my
rights? And and so it was that vision
where Joseph Smith was saying, this is
the purpose of we talked about gathering
Israel. This was what he was describing
something very literal and concrete and
temporal. This was not just oh spiritual
and I feel converted and I'm repenting.
That is important. But after you repent
and you become clean, what do you do?
You need to be taking physical action.
And it was Joseph F. Smith. He says this
in uh gospel do his book gospel
doctrine. He says that in Noah's day to
prepare for the flood there was a
commandment. And the commandment was
build an ark and whoever's on the ark is
going to be safe and whoever is not we
know how they ended up right wasn't
good. And he says in our day he said we
have had a commandment to it is not to
build an ark but it is to gather
physically
and to gather physically and build
communities where we are living the true
principles so that we have a place to be
safe when all hell breaks loose. And
Joseph F. Smith says that teaching the
doctrine of gathering is just as
important as teaching baptism,
repentance, or any other principle in
the gospel. Interesting.
>> I want to ask you, when was the last
time you heard of a Relief Society
lesson, a sacrament meeting, or a
priesthood lesson on the doctrine of
gathering?
>> I' I've never once heard it. In fact,
I've actually heard kind of the opposite
because I I know you said like, you
know, gather together and and build
where they're at, but also I think
you're alluding to them physically
coming and gathering like two
>> 100% saying it straight out.
>> Okay. Because so I had a mission
companion from Denmark. His mother was
American, his father was Danish, and
they were married. I I guess they were
living in America, but then they were
actually told, he said, you know,
according to him, the prophet told them,
"Hey guys, stop gathering to America.
Build up where you're at." And so they
felt impressed to actually go back to
Denmark and that's where they raised
their 10 kids. Um so it was just like so
for me I'm like wait hold on like what
you know what's kind of the context
there?
>> Yes that that's a really good question.
So just kind of high level in in history
for up about until World War II the very
clear instruction from leaders was
go gather in like come to Utah. Um that
was very critical during World War II.
the saints that followed that council
and got out were spared
>> all the hell that broke loose in Europe.
>> Yeah.
>> And um if you've read books like um I'm
trying to remember the book that um is
Ezra Tap Benson and the guy who went
with him, but they talk about going to
Europe afterwards and just how horrible
it was in in Poland and Germany for the
saints over there and everyone. It was
it was devastating. So the ones that
came were safe and it was good. the ones
that didn't um it was very very hard um
the movie even that came out recently
escape from Germany right missionaries
come back like get such a good movie not
want to be there like is it's a and it's
an amazing story but the the principle
was the lord was like I will protect
these missionaries and I am not leaving
them here to work come home
>> um it was after that that the command
was given okay stay and there is
actually um a prophecy from uh Joseph
Smith that we're going to get into part
of it because this is the one that I
shared with you before that we're going
to talk about but talks about the
foreign saints coming again.
>> Yes.
>> In context of that, Joseph Smith talks
about a period of the time where um the
church is kind of scattered again and
and people are all over the world and
then they'll need to gather again. So,
we are kind of in this period of we're
scattered again, but at some point
according to prophecy and according to
the teachings of the prophets, there is
that's that's going to shift. And I
think it starts first of all with us
building a place for people to even come
to. Um, and I'm not saying everyone has
to move to Utah. Like obviously like
you're in Kentucky, that's great. Like
that's not a problem. Um, everyone needs
to go where they're at because we're I I
feel like we're in this phase of kind of
preparing ourselves, finding Israel, but
understanding big picture eventually.
We've got to build this nation again.
This is what Brigham Young was trying to
do because this is this is what Joseph
Smith wanted to do in Nauvoo. In fact,
when you study the origins of Nauvoo, he
was setting up the theaters and the
university. It had its own military. He
was like, "We are going to be our own
independent little
um city here." And that of course fell
apart with his death and everything. So,
they go to Utah and Utah was originally
called Desireette. It was the nation of
Desireette. In fact, it's really cool.
If you look at the seal,
um, it has the beehive. And if you study
the history of the beehive, like
sometimes we just jump to like, oh yeah,
Desireette is the bee and the Geredites
had it like that. And that's where we
stop. If you study the bee in Egyptian
symbolism and tied to the temple and
other like ancient scriptural documents
and the apocrypha and different things
like that, it is fascinating. The bee is
a symbol of royalty. It is a symbol of
the kings of Israel
returning from exile and bringing their
people and gathering. And in fact, if
you think about history, so the
progression of God's people of salvation
always moves from east to west. Um, you
see the symbolism even of the sun rising
in the east and then it sets in the
west. Um, the ancient tabernacle of
Moses, I promise all this ties in.
>> No, no, I believe you. You're fine.
Um the tabernacle of Moses started in
the east and the people would progress
into the west which was the holy of
holies and then from there they would
get the
um you know commune with the Lord, get
the knowledge they needed and then they
would come back out to minister to the
people. So it's this progression of you
move, you start in the world which is
the east, you go into the Lord's
presence, you get what you need and then
you become empowered and then you get
your anointing and then you come out. If
you look at the history of the church
and the migration of the saints, you see
the same thing just on a map. Starts in
the east and they go through all these
experiences. They build the temple in
Kirtland, then Missouri, and then Nauvoo
and then they go all the way into the
west into the mountains and mountains
are symbolic of temples.
>> Um you even look at the temples. The
temple in Nauvoo has no courtyard, has
no fence around it. um the the building
structure, the symbolism on it is all
about the atonement. It's all about
becoming clean. They cross over waters
like the children of Israel. And then
they come to the mountains. And what
does Isaiah say? He says in the last
days, the kingdom is going to be
established in the mountains. And from
there is going to go forth the law. And
when you look at the Salt Lake Temple,
um the Nauvoo Temple is facing west. The
Salt Lake Temple faces east. So they're
like bookend temples facing each other.
>> Interesting.
>> So they come and they and everything in
the Salt Lake Temple symbolism is all
about kingdoms. It looks like a castle.
It's surrounded by a courtyard. Um the
Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Temple Square
has the Star of David. And if you study
the Star of David, it is not a Jewish
symbol. It did not get associated with
Judaism till like the medieval era.
>> Interesting. Anciently it is I believe
it is a symbol of the covenant of Enoch.
You can go into that. It's a triang.
It's a triangle perfection intelligence
pointing up the children looking up the
father's looking down coming together
this this power. Um anyway you can get
into all of that but it's all there's
there's the star of David Brigham Young.
Young put or it was John Taylor on the
Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Temple
Square. So you have and then Brigham Y.
Young builds the lion house. The lion is
the symbol of Judah, the symbol of the
king. So the Salt Lake Temple, all of
the it's basically all the symbolism
about we are anointing the kings. We're
empowering the men. We're building the
kingdom. And that's what Brigham Y Young
said. He said he we're coming here.
We're building Desireette. He names the
nation Desireette after this symbolism
of the bee. In fact, that that that seal
I was telling you about uh for Utah also
has the Florida lease on it. And if you
study the Florida lease, which is the
royal symbol of like the royal bloodline
over in France, it that has ties into
like the bloodline of Jesus Christ. I
believe it's a tie into the resurrection
temple ordinances. That's a whole
another subject. So, it's all of this is
like sitting here in plain sight in
front of us that it's time to establish
the kingdom of Israel again. This is the
purpose. When you go to the temple and
it's like we're here, you've been
washed. You've been anointed. You're
going to become a king and a queen.
That's not just like great I wear a
tiara like okay. No, he's saying we're
going to teach you the ordinances. We're
going to instill in you the character so
that you can go and literally protect
the nations of the earth that you can be
a good king, a good shepherd, not
someone who rules with uh tyranny, but
who can go and say, "Hey, I'm going to
create a community. I'm going to create
a city where everyone can be protected,
where their rights can be safe, where my
children can grow up in safety and be
educated the right way. And and and that
was Briamang's vision. He said, "Do not
outsource anything. We're going to build
our own schools. They have their own
alphabet. They have their own money
system." He was like, "We're going to
produce our own food. We are going to be
independent from Babylon." Because he
said, "That system out there is going to
fail."
>> Yeah. If one day if all of your money is
in a bank with credit cards and
everything else and you're tied to the
system, it's going to fail. Then you're
going to be in a mess, which is where
we're at today.
>> Yes, we're on the brink of the mess
completely, you know, coming full.
>> We as members of the church are right in
the middle of it. And just to say it
bluntly, it's because we rejected
what the prophets said. Just using
education as an example, they begged and
they pleaded with the Latter-day Saint
parents. They said raise educate your
children yourselves. Do send them to the
church schools. Do not There were
thesemies that were all over Idaho and
Utah and Arizona. But the problem was
all these evangelicals were coming and
this was actually very strategic. There
were all these evangelicals and people
who hated the church. I'm not throwing
evangelicals under the bus. I absolutely
love I grew up with a lot of
evangelicals so I love them to death.
But there were factions of them that
absolutely hated the church. And they
were like, "How do we take out this
Mormonism?" They're like, "We're going
to go to Utah, set up free schools,
bring the children in, the LDS kids, we
will indoctrinate them, and then those
kids will grow up, and they will leave
the church." It was an it was a
coordinated strategy. It was very
intentional.
>> So then you're a Latter-day Saint
parent. You're sitting there.
>> You went through blood, sweat, and tears
of Missouri and Nauvoo. You finally come
to Utah. You're just scrapping by to
make ends meet. You want to give your
kids a better life, right? These these
parents meant well. Like I don't want my
son or my daughter to live by survival
like I am. I want to give them something
better. It I I have to pay to go to the
church school. I have to put in a lot of
effort. There's a free school down the
street.
>> Yeah.
>> And they'll educate my kids and they're
bringing in teachers from the east and
these teachers have degrees. And then
after they are raised there, I'm going
to send my kids to college out there.
And and then what happened and this is
actually a term that scholars use. It
was called Mormonism's lost generation
which were the kids in the early 1900s
because they came back and the ones that
hadn't left the church came back with a
completely different worldview. And this
is where you see an introduction of
progressive ideologies starting to come
into the church because all these kids
are coming back. So I go kind of through
that history just to show this is a lot
broader. I I saving the Constitution is
such a broad general
>> phrase that doesn't really mean much
because we don't have a concrete vision.
We we need the concrete vision of what
what we're trying to create. And that
was what Brigham Y Young was trying to
give the saints. He was like we need
Zion is a real place. So you need to
build your own economy, your own family
businesses, your own schools. And this
is why it matters.
And
>> I just want to back up. I just want to
say if I were to kind of encapsulate
that in in another way for the listeners
to defend the constitution means that
you are actually
uh establishing the security of your
faith in your family in preparation of
the second coming.
>> Right? So, so don't think of like
America. I'm very patriotic. I love
America and I love saying that. But like
what we're really saying is constitution
is really the uh the fulfillment of uh
of all of God's desires for his for the
for the covenant members of the church
>> and even those who are not members of
the church.
>> Yes. Yeah. They will they will greatly
benefit from from all this. But we must
be the ones who establish it.
>> Yes. This is Abraham's covenant where
the Lord tells him, "Through you and
through the priesthood, all the nations
of the earth will be blessed." In other
words, Israel has a responsibility and a
duty. If you're a member of the house of
Israel, it is your job to make sure
every one of God's sons and daughters
have access to not only learn the
gospel, but live the gospel, the real
gospel. That doesn't mean pray. That
means they can talk about what they want
to talk about. they can have their kids
educated the way they want their kids
educated. That means they can be married
in the right way, have healthy families,
have healthy communities, right? If you
don't have the go look at Soviet Russia,
go look at China. How free are they? In
in fact, what's happening in China right
now is heartbreaking. I was talking to a
friend who lived over there um for a
period of time, and he was just telling
me, he was like, "The branch I used to
go to just got shut down." It was like I
he he was it's it's heartbreaking what's
going on. That is what happens when
freedom is removed. And we have lost our
history. We don't study what it's
fascinating to me. How many movies out
there are on the Holocaust?
>> Many many many. How many movies out
there are out there about Stalin, about
what happened in Ukraine, about Romania,
about the Christian persecution that has
happened in every communist country, the
stories, the people.
Okay, there's China cry. It was made in
the '9s.
And
>> I guess there's for Christ. It was
produced by a Christian group, of
course, how a pastor in Romania who got
persecuted by communism, and now we're
uh Yeah. What else?
>> Not much. Yeah.
>> Why? Why? The these stories are amazing.
So, why why are we quiet? Crickets.
Crickets. We don't talk about this.
Well, because I think the adversary
knows if we understand the game, the war
that's being fought, if we see it, we
are going to be inspired to action 100%.
I'm going to throw out a plug for that.
One of the things that my dad did for us
growing up that absolutely was
revolutionary. Recommend this for anyone
who has kids that are teenagers because
under 10, 11, 12 might be a little bit
young, but we would read bio
autobiographies, biographies, and watch
movies of Christians persecuted in other
countries, the real stories. And it gave
us a whole different perspective of why
the battle for freedom is important. Um,
just to throw a couple because I think
this is a practical thing. There's
Tortured for Christ. It was made in
2018. It's really, really good. Um,
there's a movie, it's old, in 1984
called Sakurov, and I was actually just
re-watching this last week. Um, it's
about, um, the man who helped um, invent
the atomic bomb in Soviet Russia. Um,
Andre Sakurov, he was not Christian, but
he was engaged in the freedom in the
human rights movement in Russia. That
movie is so good. You see how communism
operates, how they think, how they
weaponize psychology, how they weaponize
medicine, how they um use strategically
to undermine freedom fighters, how it
works. And growing up, it was like my
dad was like, "Okay, guys, you're going
to be fighting this fight. Understand
how it works. Become educated. Learn how
to do this." So, I'm just going to throw
in that as a simple action item for
someone who's like, "Okay, I want to get
invol more involved in freedom. I want
to understand what matters. I want my
kids to be engaged. I want them to care.
Go start watching some of these movies.
You are going to get a lot of
perspective really fast. Um anyway, I
know that's a little bit of a side
tangent, but all all of this I feel like
is important.
>> No, this this is all fantastically
important. So, I I don't mean to
interrupt. I This is really
>> um where where were we? Oh, yeah. Okay.
So, we were just talking about this this
vision that Joseph Smith and the early
brethren had of like creating this
kingdom. And this this is this is Joseph
Smith's perspective more of actually
saving the constitution. So when he was
talking about saving the constitution,
he wasn't talking about going to
Washington picking. He already tried
that. In fact, after right they're in
Nauvoo and he appeals to every state and
the president of the United States and
says give the Latter-day Saints asylum.
We have been persecuted. We have been
beaten. We have been mobbed. Will you
protect us? Will you redress our wrongs?
Every single state, a lot of people
don't know this, but every state of the
United States either didn't answer or
came back and said no. He goes to the
president of the United States, Martin
Van Beerren. Martin Van Beern says,
"Your cause is just. I can do nothing
for you." Joseph Smith goes to Congress
and he makes a prophecy at that time.
And he says, "I prophesy in the name of
the Lord that if Congress will not hear
our pro petition and redress our
grievances, he said they will be wiped
clean. there will be nothing left of
them, not even a grease spot. And that's
one of the prophecies that a lot of
people are like, see, it never happened.
Here we are today. It's 2026. The
>> con so people are saying that maybe
because they they they think that the
timeliness, you know, uh the timeline of
that prophecy is right then and there.
But I just had to say, sorry, you're
going fast here, but I had to say,
>> go for it.
>> Okay. I had never until you had never
heard of that prophecy ever. And in
fact, I didn't know he had prophesied in
front of Congress. I had known he had
gone to Congress and petitioned. But
I've never been taught that he said,
"You know what?
It's interesting for us to like think of
that, you know, a prophet speaking in
front of us saying, "In the name of the
Lord, I promise you this
>> in front of a bunch of heathens." He's
like, "I prophesy in the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ." So, say that again
that if they do not do what?
>> Quote, I just pulled it up here while
you're talking. This is in the
Millennial Star. He says, "While
discussing the petition to Congress, I
prophesied by virtue of the holy priest
advested in me and in the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ that if Congress will
not hear our petition and grant us
protection, they will be broken up as a
government and God shall damn them and
there shall be nothing left of them, not
even a gay spot."
So, it was even stronger than my pair.
>> Wow.
>> Right. Um, and there's so many This is a
sacred cow because we're definitely
slaughtering a big sacred cow here
because a lot of um conservatives I've
had a lot of debates um on this issue of
is the United States going to survive
this? You know, and the fact of the
matter is you can believe whatever you
want, but there's prophecies from
Joseph, that prophecy from Joseph Smith,
there's Brigham Young, there's John
Taylor. Um, it's not an if. It's
they they just prophesy. They say, um,
this is John Taylor. He says, "When the
nation with which we are associated is
shaken to its center and it crumbles to
pieces, it will continue to fall into
crumble until it is no more. By and by,
there will be an end of it." Then he
says,"Not so with the kingdom of God. It
will stand and continue to exist and
spread and go forth."
>> Interesting.
>> So I know there is the the main um quote
that a lot of conservatives hold to on
the United States surviving is Ezra
Hopenson says, you know, the stars and
stripes will be flying when Jesus Christ
comes.
I agree 100%. Um if you actually even
study the American flag and the
symbolism of it, it is a standard of
liberty. the the symbolism of the red,
the blue, the white, the five-pointed
star. The five-pointed star is a symbol
of the priesthood. We could go into
that, but it's all over. The
five-pointed star, both the inverted and
the upright, is all over the Nabio
temple. It is um if you read Revelation
12, which is the prophecy of John about
the in the premortal life, the kingdom
of God being established and the same
thing happening in our day. It talks
about the church trying to birth the
kingdom of God. and she has the crown of
the stars. Anyway, you could all this
stuff by point of star actually is so
fascinating. The there's five covenants
in the temple. There's five elements of
your temple gar the temple robes. Um
Christ was pierced five times. The
five-pointed star is very very it's a
it's a symbol of um a priesthood son, a
son of the priesthood. Um ultimately
Jesus Christ the son, but also every son
who's anointed, washed and anointed as a
king. Um, and on the flag you have 50.
50 is a governmental number. I'm just
saying again if you get into Hebrew
symbolism, red is a symbol, I believe,
of the atonement, the sacrifice that
needs to be shed for for liberty. I have
blue symbol of loyalty. White symbol of
purity. It is a title of liberty. I am
not letting that flag go anywhere. I
don't care who abandons it. We're going
to keep we're keeping that flag. So 100%
it's going to be flying, at least at my
house when Jesus Christ comes back. Um,
but the the institution I I I I I
I'm concerned based on many of the
teachings of the prophets that that
won't um last. Um, that doesn't mean
that we're in rebellion. That doesn't
mean that we're we're going to go like,
you know, leave and
destroy the government. Like, no, no,
no, no, no. None of that. None of that.
Um, it it just means that as these
prophecies are unfolding, are we
prepared to rebuild? I think we're
sometimes so focused on surviving the
last days, we're not thinking that our
job is to be building and we've got to
rebuild and and what are we going to do?
And so I think that is maybe one of the
reasons that we are just in the cycle of
failure on trying to fight the freedom
battle because we're not focused on what
we're actually supposed to be building.
We're trying to fix.
>> Yeah. Well, can I I'll just say
something I I tell people um is kind of
like our nonprofit like why do we do
what we do? I just say, "Hey, like you
have a policy um uh conundrum here,
which is that we will spend so much time
and effort and millions of dollars just
to make sure, oh, make sure this policy
gets passed or this one doesn't get
passed and and then I ask them, hey, in
the end, did your f did the families get
stronger?"
>> No. Okay. Um is uh is the is your faith,
you know, the faith of the of the nation
or even faith of your of your church
stronger because of this?
>> No. Okay. Is the constitution now
stronger after this policy? Okay. So
then like like what are we doing right
like why are we spending so much time on
the policy side those are important for
us to address but we must get to the
core of all this which is our identity
and and our role and I think we like to
oversimplify like you mentioned
>> people hold on to as tough Benson being
like well you said you know the stars
and stripes so what we do is we'll pull
on to we'll grab little snippets and say
ah I can oversimplify and therefore skip
all the details and say it's easy guys
>> sit here and watch Netflix now like
there's no this work you talked about. I
don't want to have to work. Like heck
with that, you know, like that's not
that's not who I'm at, but or who I am,
>> but that is who you are, right? This is
exactly why the Lord sent you here.
You're here for a purpose. It's time to
start, you know, pulling up your
bootstraps.
>> Yes. Um I'm going to back you up on that
um by going to the Book of Mormon for
one second. when Captain Moroni, okay,
so Captain Moroni, right? He's the
ultimate and everyone jumps to like,
okay, well, how does he, okay, so just
think Mormon's sitting there and he's
seeing us and he's like, all those poor
Latter-day Saints in the last days, like
they are so confused. Like Nephi says,
Nephi says, you've all gone astray. He
says, even the humble followers of
Christ, he says, are led in many
instances to heir because they're taught
by the precepts of men. So, and and
Isaiah has even stronger words, right?
So it's it's not to say we're evil
people, just we're living on the worst
earth according to the book of Moses.
We're living on the most wicked earth
and very close to the most wicked time.
So we got to realize we are in a fog. We
are in a midst of darkness and we've got
to turn to the Lord to understand like
okay actually how does he see things? I
think he sees things very differently
than how we're accustomed to with our
culture. So Mormon is sitting there and
he's like how do I help the get these
people straightened out? gives us this
example of Captain Moroni. So when
Captain Moroni goes to the Nephites, how
does he inspire them to stand up and
fight Amalachia? Amalachia is very
similar to a communistic uh communist
dictator. The way he overthrows the
Lamemonite nation with strategim and
murder, it's very Mchaveli. It's very
Soviet Russia if you are like, you know,
there's parallels here. So you got
Amalachiah. He's trying to he's a
defector. So now he's trying to come
back and overthrow the Nephite
government. And Nephi and Captain Moroni
doesn't stand up and say, "Okay guys, so
the laws of Mosiah are our constitution
and it's being changed and we got to do
something." And that was 100% true, but
that's not the appeal that he makes. He
gets up and he tells the people, he
says,
"You are a remnant of Joseph." He
doesn't even just say, "You're of the
house of Israel." He says, "You're a
remnant of Joseph." Now, that is
critical because what is he saying? And
then he actually he expands on the story
of Joseph of Egypt's garment being
brought back to his father. Parts of the
story that are not in the Bible.
>> That's right. We have more of the
account in the Book of Mormon than is in
the Bible. And you're like, well, what
does this have to do with freedom? Like,
what does it have? It has everything to
do. Because if you study Joseph of Egypt
and his coat, his coat was essentially
the priesthood garment, the coat of many
colors. If you actually get into the
original like Hebrew, it was the coat of
many markings. It was it was he was
given the priesthood because he was the
most righteous of his brothers and he
was called as the birthright son which
means he is the son with the
responsibility to save the rest of his
family to protect their liberty to
administer spiritual blessings to them
and to take care of them.
He they don't like him, so they kick him
out and they rip his they rip his
remnant and his coat this coat, this
priesthood garment is ripped up in
shreds and it's brought back to Jacob
and Jacob sees it and um and only a part
of it survives. I'm I'm highly
convinced.
>> Yeah. And he prophesies that just as a
remnant of this coat has been preserved,
right? then just a remnant of Joseph's
seed would be left in the last days. In
other words, this birth right,
everything in the Abrahamic covenant and
the priesthood is all passed
generationally. These covenants and
these responsibilities and to Joseph
through his sons, Manasseh and Ephraim
and his other sons, which we need to
talk about in one second because it's
everything to do with the elders of
Israel and saving the constitution. And
it's why Moroni gets up and he says,
"You're a remnant of Joseph." And he
says, "You're Josephites." This very
very key. Um, but traditionally we only
know about mostly about Ephraim. So we
talk mostly about Ephraim. We know
Ephraim has what? A mission to gather
Israel. Why are we gathering Israel? To
protect them. To provide them liberty.
To provide them security. To provide
them a nation where they actually can
access the gospel. This is the Josephite
responsibility.
And so that's why Moroni gets up and he
says, "You guys have a covenant
responsibility to do this. You are
responsible for all of your brothers and
sisters to have a place where they can
come and have liberty. Where are you?"
And it's like these men wake up and
they're like, "That's right. These are
sacred covenants." And they rip their
garments. They were probably ripping
their temple garments is probably what
they were doing. And they were saying,
"I will rip myself in pieces before I
break my temple covenant. My priesthood
covenant. And my priesthood covenant is
to defend liberty." If if people could
connect this, this is powerful.
This is what it means to be a king of
Israel. And I'm going to pull up the
Joseph Smith translation of Genesis 50
here, uh, 49, sorry, because this is
even more powerful. Um, so this is the
rest of the blessing that Jacob then
gives to Joseph's family when he comes,
right? Because it's the whole story.
Joseph of Egypt, he's imprisoned for 14
years. He suffers so that what? His
family who's starving of a famine can
have a place to come.
>> And this is actually very prophetic of
the last days. We are the Joseph of
Egypt today. And we are supposed to be
stocking up grain and def pre preparing
a place where our brothers and sisters
who once hated us who actually do hate
us still think of all the hate against
the Mormon church. One day they're going
to realize we're Joseph and they're
going to come and be like, "Hey long
lost brother. Actually we're family.
Let's come together and maybe we're not
enemies after
>> we accuse them of stealing first." I'm
just joking. Um it all of that is is
important. So ties into food storage,
ties into liberty. Um this is it's it's
so beautiful. But anyway, but I want to
get to this. This is in the Joseph Smith
translation of Genesis 48. Again, the
Joseph Smith translation is key. The
Joseph Smith translation is where Joseph
Smith restores the covenants
and the ordinances about Israel and what
we're supposed to be doing in the last
days. That was stripped out of the
Bible.
So this is um for those who don't know
the Bible story, uh Joseph has these two
sons, Ephraim and Manasseh. He brings
them to his dad um and his dad blesses
them and what he does is he adopts
Ephraim and Manasseh as his own sons. In
other words, he's like, "Joseph's not
your dad anymore. I'm your dad." It was
a literal adoption thing. And that's why
as Ephraim, you're considered I'm part
of the house of Israel, the house of
Jacob. And so he says, um, now thy two
sons. So this is JST Genesis 48:5. He
says, "Thy two sons, Ephraim Manasseh,
which were born unto thee in the land of
Egypt before I came unto thee in to
Egypt. Behold, they are mine. The God of
my fathers will bless them, even as
Reuben and Simeon, they shall be
blessed, for they are mine. Wherefore
they shall be called after my name
there. Therefore, they were called
Israel." Okay, everyone who gets their
patriarchal blessing knows this, right?
Um I was Ephraim. So yeah, my lineage in
Israel, right?
But then Jacob keeps going and he says,
"And thy issue." So your children which
thou begget after them
shall be thine. They will be called
after the name of their brethren in
their inheritances in the tribes.
Therefore, they were called the tribes
of Manasse and Ephraim. So, Jacob says,
"Joseph, you're going to have more
children." And we're going to kind of
hide these children under labels of
Manasse and Ephraim, but they are yours.
I'm not taking them from you. They are
yours. Now, why is this significant?
Because who held the ultimate birthright
covenant of a savior in that family? It
was Joseph. So his his direct children
are going to have even a higher
responsibility
than the Israelite brothers and sisters
including you from Manasseh. And this is
what he says. This is not just Hannah
coming up with crazy doctrine. It's
right here. He says, "And Jacob said
unto Joseph, when the God of my fathers
appeared unto me in L in the land of
Canaan, he swore unto me that he would
give unto me and unto my seed the land
for an everlasting possession.
Therefore, oh my son, he hath blessed me
in raising thee up to be a servant unto
me, and saving my house from death. You
delivered my people, thy brethren, from
famine, which was um sore in the land.
Wherefore the God of thy father shall
bless thee, and the fruit of thy loins,
so your children, they shall be blessed
above thy brethren and above thy
father's house.
>> So he says, you did this incredible work
of salvation. I am giving a very special
blessing to your other children who are
not named and they're going to be
blessed above the house of Israel above
Ephraim Manasseh. Now, what does it mean
to be blessed above or more special,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> Well, it actually just means you get
more jobs. So, that's just how the
priesthood works. The more blessed you
are, the more uh problems you have to
deal with.
>> It's true. It's like my uncle says, he's
like um everybody wants to be like, "Oh,
it's so special to have the priesthood."
And he's like, "Well, who had the most
priesthood?" Jesus Christ. And how many
people were volunteering for Jesus's job
in the primaries one? Him. Nobody wants
it. This is the true understanding of
the priesthood. Anyway,
>> but um he says,
>> can I just before you go on, I just
Sorry. Like the these are like things.
Um
>> I know. Sorry, I'm going fire hose.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, let let me just say as
as a normal dumb Latter Day Saint here
as I represent the the dumb Latter Day
Saints because that's where that's where
I come from. Um, I had never thought
about that because I've read the JST
there and you just like read it cuz I've
you know, it's important to read the JST
and just kind of go I guess kind of move
on. But here's where I'm kind of my mind
is being blown and maybe you will
correct what I'm going to say here in a
sec. But um I've been thinking for the
for the last maybe 6 months uh or maybe
a little more about about how okay
Israel the the um that birthright the
blessings of birthight um to the
firstborn those are significant and
those don't go away we pretend like they
don't really exist today but those
didn't go away and I had been studying
about how Joseph Smith had those things
but I had I had actually mis thought uh
you know like misinterpreted that okay
well Joseph received it. And I guess
like Joseph's children, you know, like
Ephraim, you know, kind of inherits that
the most. I had never really considered
that. No, because his two children,
Ephraim and Nassa, were adopted by his
father. That means I if they're now a
sibling of his, you know, in that that
way of thinking, Joseph is still then
the the the birthright inheritor. And
therefore all the other children who
will receive the title of Ephraim
Manasseh even though you know they're
separate children are inheritors of that
same divine inheritance.
Uh I use the word inheritance in
inheritor in the same sentence. It
probably wasn't very good but what I'm
trying to say is that makes you realize
holy crap. So yeah uh what you're
describing in the Book of Mormon is very
true. But that also means all the
people, all the Latter Day Saints who
we've always downplayed are like, "Yeah,
you're for me, you for me, for me, from
we just kind of go like we're all we
just got to do missionary work." Um,
that's a that's a very dumbed down
oversimplification of of our role and
what the Lord has in store for us and
what he has blessed us with.
>> Yes.
>> Like I'm this is this is me like pulling
off the shelf being like I'm no longer a
dumb Latter Day Saint who oversimplifies
the gospel. Like there's something more
glorious here. If you go actually study
the Bible, like we're studying Abraham
this week and come follow me, right?
Actually go study that guy's story, he
has his own army of over 300 guys that
he's raised in his own house. Lot's in
trouble. He's like, you know, all these
kings are losing this war. Abraham
marches in and he's like takes care of
business, right? Um, if you read the
book,
>> I got to say that. So, sorry. It's so
funny because uh 10 minutes ago or
however when you were mentioning how
like it's part of you know this
birthright and this blessing that we
have to defend liberty literally the
very immediate example that came to my
mind was the fact that Abraham was an
example of that right as the the
inheritor of the blessings of the
fathers and the one who passed it on his
own life story was I'm going to go free
a family member right I'm going to go
liberate the captive um and I but I had
never consider considered that uh Joseph
had kind of done the same thing. And now
the Nephites, the Title of Liberty, it's
all the same pattern.
>> Yes.
>> Like, holy crap.
>> And the Nephites had these prophecies.
They had the brass plates. So, they
knew. In fact, it's fascinating to me
when you read
um the brass plates probably from the
best scholarship we can put together was
probably the record of the house of
Joseph. So, it's these Josephite
men passing down this record of what
their covenant was. And we are not
righteous enough today to have that
record. We don't have it. We have
Judah's record and then we have the Book
of Mormon that's kind of this a bridged
version that's like repackaged for us.
>> Yeah.
>> I want those brass plates so bad. When
Lehi reads it, he's so overcome. He
starts prophesying about his kids. And
he has this vision. It's called the tree
of life. And it's like, oh, that's so
cute. Nephi has a vision interpreting
what the tree of life is about. So,
okay. So, let me just restate what I'm
saying here so it makes sense. Lehi has
a vision about his kids and their
mission.
Nephi has a vision explaining what that
mission of those Lehi descendants is.
And what does he see?
He sees his people, of course, and
Christ coming to them. And then he sees
Columbus
>> and the founding of America. and he says
the Puritans and he sees the founding
fathers
that is the tree of life that is the
Lehi family because I believe that
Josephite covenant got passed to Lehi so
we can talk about but I think I think
that's why Captain Rona Captain Moroni
doesn't get up and he doesn't say you
guys are Ephraites or you guys are
Manassites he gets up and he says you
are a remnant of Joseph in other words
you guys are descendants of those other
boys,
probably some girls, too. Unnamed. We We
don't have the names. We We don't This
is a lost history. Um we just know from
Joseph Smith this mission. So, let me
just finish this verse because this is
so key. Go ahead. This is This is a
covenant that was given. He says, um,
you have prevailed. He says, "Thy
father's house hath bowed down unto
thee." Right? This is the vision what
that Jose uh Joseph of Egypt has where
the sun, the moon, and all the stars bow
down to him. Right? the whole house of
Israel is bowing down to him, all the
stars, the sun, the moon. Like there's
so much significance there actually. Um
and he says um wherefore, he says,
"Wherefore thy brethren shall bow down
unto thee from generation to generation
unto the fruit of thy loins forever." In
other words,
for the rest of history,
all of Israel and all the world is going
to be coming to your seed for
protection, for help, for knowledge, for
rulership,
and everything else. And he says, for
thou shalt be a light unto my people.
You will deliver them in the days of
their captivity from bondage. Bring
salvation unto them when they are
altogether bowed down under sin. So they
have a responsibility. You have a
responsibility to deliver them from
captivity. And you have a responsibility
to administer salvation right there. The
church and the kingdom.
We are Josephites. If you This This is
why some people are like, "Why am I
different from everyone else? I sit
there and everyone else is asleep and
I'm just on fire reading these stories
and I'm like, I want to defend liberty."
It's like because you have the blood and
you have the responsibility and you are
forained to do this this mission. And um
and the the next chapter is Genesis 50
where then Joseph of Egypt prophesies
about Joseph Smith because Joseph Smith
is the administrator of the covenant of
liberty and the covenants of salvation
which are kind of the same thing because
salvation and liberty are you know but
I'm just
>> so let me let me just like because this
is awesome. So, if I were to like try to
grab the shoulders of all the of all the
elders of Israel listening to this,
especially if they're millennial, uh,
and younger, um, my generation, it's
like, listen up, guys. Like, you're not
just I most of you that I'm talking to
you, you're not just a descendant of
Ephraim, you know, like that's not just
the house you're in. You are a a a a a
someone who has these blessings, the
blood, the the promise and the
responsibility to not just bring the
gospel to them, but to bring liberty to
them to establish, you know, a form of
justice and freedom, protection of
rights for for family, faith, and li in
your lands, your property. Like that's
that's like holy crap. But it's so much
more than just being like, "Oh, I guess
we're Latter Day Saints and it's
important for us to love the
Constitution because Joseph Smith said
good things about it." It says in the
Doctrine of Covenants is like, "No, like
that is literally your job." Like this
is this is what you are called to do.
This is who you are. That and and I will
add this one thing on top of it. you are
a Latter- Day Saint in America, which
makes a very significant uh I guess like
another thing that you need to consider
because so many of these things I'm
talking about apply to you in this
nation.
>> And this is why so um because it's
really really not PC right now to talk
about America and America being special
or whatever. This is why it matters. Um,
in the book of Moses, we learn that um,
I really feel like this is what we've
got to do. We've got to really get we
are we we are literally living in the
dark ages. I really feel like we are no
different than William Tindell and the
rest rest of the reformation. I I
identify with those guys so much because
what they were doing is they were
looking at their people and they were
like, "Everyone's in bondage because
they don't have access to the
scriptures." And I feel like today we
have access to the scriptures in
physical form, but we have completely
lost our understanding. We don't
understand what the Abrahamic covenant
is. We don't understand proper. We like
we we don't have any of our history. So
we're in we're in bondage.
>> Our minds are in bondage.
>> Yes. And we're not acting because we're
stuck in neutral because and and so I
feel like we just need like a
fundamental rewriting of everything like
actually what is priesthood? What is
lineage? What is the house of Israel?
Like we have these dumbed down versions
that mean nothing. And that's why none
of us are moving. They mean nothing.
That's why we're bored out of our minds.
That's why we go to I literally when I
was a teenager, I wanted to write a book
called Boring Our LDS Youth to Death
because I was like, I love the gospel
more than anything. And I am bored out
of my mind in Sunday school. I am bored
out of my mind. I'm like, and this is
the most exciting stuff. We are making
this boring. Um, and that's cuz Satan's
made it so it's not relatable and
everything, but um, America is the land
of Enoch. And the reason why that
matters is because God is all about
helping his children progress. This is
not just a mental thing. This is a
physical thing. You learn by doing. You
learn by everything is part of of God.
God, I believe, is the perfect chef.
He's the perfect musician. He's the
perfect gardener. He He loves beautiful
architecture. You find joy by bringing
order out of chaos. This is the whole
creation story, right? There's chaos.
We're going to create order out of it.
And but you need a place to do it. And
so everything in the priesthood is tied
into blessings. And the two most
important blessings that we don't talk
about anymore of the Abrahamic covenant,
which actually starts back with Enoch,
is posterity. In other words, you cannot
be a king without a kingdom. And
>> subjects, right? People might like don't
call them subjects but meaning meaning
intelligences that you are nurturing and
helping to progress. God is a king. He
has children. That's how he has a
kingdom and he wants every parent. Okay,
you're going to become a king and queen.
To do that, you need posterity. This is
why Satan attacks having children and
you don't want to have children and it's
this burden. No, it's not. This is
literally the essence of you
progressing. But you cannot just have
children and live in an apartment. You
have to have property. You have to have
a place to do it. So God has ordained
and blessed portions of ground where
he's promised to my sons and my
daughters who have demonstrated that
they won't exercise unrighteous
dominion. They won't have their hearts
set on the things of the world. This is
DNC 121. They won't aspire to the honors
of men. For those who are willing to do
this selflessly and want this
responsibility of administering
salvation to to others, I will give you
land to do it.
I you have to have a place to do it. It
can't be all imaginary in your head.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and America is the land he gave to
Enoch. He said for those who
>> Ephraim or
>> Enoch.
>> Oh, Eno. Okay.
>> Yep. Because this is Adam at the Garden
of Eden was in Jackson County, Missouri.
Adam is where they were cast out to. So
when they have the big meeting and Enoch
is there and everybody's there and
Adam's blessing his posterity, it's
right there in Missouri. Um there's a
secondhand quote that says that Joseph
Smith said the ark was born the ark was
built with no arc was built in South
Carolina. So this is this is it. This is
where Enoch's building his city and
they're building Zion because it's where
it was covenanted.
Um then you have the old world which is
kind of expands it a little further like
okay maybe not everyone wants Zion right
not everyone wants these higher levels
of priesthood they are kind of like I
just want to behave myself and I don't
want to kill people but I don't know if
I want to do this whole consecration
thing and living my life of sacrifice
like and God's like that's okay that's
okay you know we we have terrestrial
orders that's okay so we'll create other
lands so it's land set apart for these
purposes um But Jacob, when Jacob
blesses Joseph, this is in Genesis uh
49, he tells Joseph, Joseph, you are
blessed above me and my fathers, and you
will be given the land of the
everlasting hills. The land of the
everlasting hills is the everlasting
mountains, the new and everlasting
covenant goes back to Enoch. Enoch's
covenant, the co covenant of building
Zion. That is why Joseph's land is here.
And it's Joseph's land, not Ephraim's
land, like it is Ephraim, right? We read
that verse. It's it's it's all blended
together. You got to be careful like you
can't you know I am you from 100%. I'm
also a Josephite 100%. Um but this is so
this is America. So where does God send
his righteous priest of kings like
George Washington and I call him a king
because he came back to the St. George
Temple and what did he get? His
ordinances. His ordinances to be a king
and even his second anointing. And
Benjamin Franklin comes back later to
Wilfrid Wedruff and he's like hey I'm
ready for my second anointing.
I don't I'm not just anointed.
>> What?
>> I didn't know. Hold on. Wait. Who came
back to him? Uh
>> Benjamin Franklin.
>> Was he the only one or the other ones?
Other
>> at the time in 1877 when Wilfford
Budruff has that experience and the
spirits all come at um he ordains five
men to be high priests. High priests in
the is not the way we think of high
priests. High priest in the temple sense
is like Enoch, Melchzdc level. This is
This is This is like a king over kinks.
Those men were George Washington,
Christopher Columbus.
>> Yeah. The slave owner, the murderer.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Curse that name.
>> Um and um John Wesley.
>> Wow.
Benjamin Franklin was the other one. And
>> um Benjamin Franklin comes later.
He comes to Wilfrid Rudruff and he says,
"I'm ready to get my second anointing."
Which is
>> So where did where did you learn about
them getting their second anointing,
right? And and there's actually a lot of
saints who have no idea what that even
means. We don't have time to talk about
that here. You you mentioned it briefly.
That's a good thing.
>> In 10 seconds in your endowment, you're
anointed to become a king. Like one day,
if you're faithful, we're giving you a
little stewardship. If you're faithful
over a few things, you'll be made ruler
over many things. Your second anointing
is just saying, you've passed the test.
We're now giving you the ordinances to
open the door for resurrection. You can
actually be a king. Like you kind of
made it all the way.
>> That's right.
>> So very simply, you know, um and I'm
like sitting here kicking myself because
I can't remember. But Wilf Dojo says in
his account, he's like, "These five were
ordained high priests at this time." Um
and I'm kicking myself.
>> I just need to borrow your brain for a
day and then I can like get all these
references.
>> It was Benjamin Franklin. Okay. Benjamin
Franklin was Okay. because I'm like,
what? What? Why am I how am I forgetting
this? So, it's George Washington,
Benjamin Franklin, Christopher Columbus,
and John Wesley.
>> Wow.
>> So, that tells you a little bit about
those men, too. So, again, yeah, I don't
take it too nicely when people are
ripping on Benjamin Franklin, but that's
another story. So, right. So, but the
but it's very significant. They come
here and who are the ones who actually
fight the battle for freedom? Who are
the ones who lay down their lives in
Valley Forge? who are the ones who
established the constitution. Um George
Washington, he's fascinated by
Freemasonry. Brham Benjamin Franklin's
the one who kind of preserves
Freemasonry to even be here. Then Joseph
Smith gets an access to Freemasonry and
that's what leads him to restoring the
temple endowment. It's all this
connected story. It's all these
brothers, these kings standing together.
It's just so beautiful. And they're
doing it on the land of Zion. They're
doing it on Enoch's land. We don't talk
about Enoch because Enoch was removed
from the Bible. That was not an
accident. So evangelicals know nothing
about it and most Mormons don't even
know anything about it because we don't
read the JST.
But if you read Joseph Smith, Joseph
Smith's all about Enoch. Um but so that
that's why America is important. It is
the land set apart to say okay to do
this work of protection and then from
there go out to others. and it's under
attack and it's being threatened. Um, so
I know you want to do this prophecy for
sure if we can. The one Joseph Smith in
1840 and now
um because this is um the context of
this is Joseph Smith expounding on the
parable of the vineyard in DNC 101. I'm
not going to go into all of that
parable. It's a little controversial if
you actually read it. So I'm just going
to let the words kind of speak.
>> Wait, why is this so controversial?
because he says stuff that that reshape
people's paradigms or because
>> well it really calls out the saints for
dropping the ball. The parable of the
vineyard.
>> Well, we don't like to hear that. We
like we like to
>> we don't want to hear that. That's
really negative and we're all about
positivity here. So um
this is um the parable the Lord gives
when you know the saints, they're trying
to build Zion in Missouri and and Joseph
Smith tries to gather Zion's camp to go
redeem him and it doesn't work. And of
course, we know Zion's camp had a deeper
purpose. It didn't really fail, but it
kind of failed in the sense of Zion
wasn't actually able to be established.
And the Lord is very clear in DNC 101.
Why? Uh the Lord chasens. He he says you
guys needed to be tried and and and you
can't endure it. And there's contention,
there's envying, there's strife, there's
lust, there's covetous desires.
And he's like, "This cannot exist. This
is this is actually really really
important because in each of us we still
struggle with those things. Like I
cannot tell you the journey I've been on
even the last two years. The Lord just
being like you will be every little
shred of selfishness out of your body.
Like you cannot do this. Like I have
like
>> it there there can be no place for any
selfishness in the kingdom of God. Not
even the slightest hint of self. You
have to be if you're going to take on
this burden of bearing bearing Israel on
your shoulders to carrying them home
being that shepherd there can be no
thought of self consecrate you
everything has to be on the altar
everything
and and they weren't ready to do that um
and so the Lord gives this parable and
he he he says so you know there was this
certain nobleman and he had this spot of
land that was very choice right huh I
wonder what the very choice land well we
know from other quotes from prophets.
It's it's it's America. It's the land of
the vineyard.
>> You mean sorry you mean me America? I
just wanted to I'm just
exactly um and he says go vineyard and
he says plant these 12 olive trees and
he says set watchmen to guard. And so he
he says because it's got to be guarded
so that if enemies come it doesn't get
overthrown. And the servants go, they do
it. They plant the olive trees, they
built this hedge, they start building a
tower. This is the restoration starting
in progress. And then they were yet
laying the foundation. It says, while
they were yet laying the foundation,
these watchmen, they began to say among
themselves, what need hath my lord of
this tower? And they consulted for a
long time, right? They're like, this is
kind of dumb. We don't need this. What
need hath my lord of this tower? seeing
this as a time of peace.
And Joseph Smith in his sermon, he
clarifies this. This is the church.
They're given this vision. I want you
guys to set up a kingdom. I need you
guys to become independent. I need you
to keep these commandments. I need you
to set up schools. This whole vision
like Brigham Young had. And it's like,
what are those old guys talking about? I
mean, like, we're fine. I mean,
>> all is well in Zion.
>> All is well. Like, it's not so
dangerous. And um and they say, "Might
this money be given to the exchangers?
There's no need of these things. Like,
we're wasting so much time and energy
building all these towers and these
defenses and protection and we don't
need this. We could use this in better
ways. We could use the Lord's money in
better ways and and to do this job,
right? And they're at variance and
they're while they're disagreeing with
each other. He says they become very
slothful and they hearken not to the
enemy commandments of their Lord. The
enemy came by night, broke down the
hedge. The servants are afrighted. They
flee. The enemy destroys their works and
breaks down the olive trees. And this is
when the Lord says, "What is the cause
of this great evil?" He says, "Should
you not have done what I commanded you?"
And I think this is us. We are sitting
here at a time where our families are
struggling. We're realizing we are very
vulnerable in a nation where freedom is
falling apart. in a world that is in
chaos and we're not ready. We're not
prepared. We the hedge is broken down.
The enemies have come in and the Lord's
sitting there like, "Why did you not
listen? Why did you not listen when I
sent you?" He J Grant and Heber J. Grant
said, "Do not fight vote for FDR."
Again, I'm just going to be
controversial. I'm just going to say
>> I remember I remember that. Yeah.
>> Yeah. He says, "Do not vote for FDR."
Utah was the deciding state in all four
of the elections.
It was the Latter-day Saints that put
FDR in.
And FDR is the one responsible for so
much murder and so many deaths through
World War II and just the implications
the
>> welfare state which has uh destroyed the
character of the American nation uh
citizens. Oh yeah, there's so much
there.
>> We disregarded what a prophet of God
said and the world is suffering because
of it. Right. And um and you could go on
and on and on and on. Every pro Spencer
W. Kimmel comes he says this is how you
should do morality. And now it's like
miracle of forgiveness is evil. Burn
every book, right? Like no one believes
in that anymore.
>> And Joseph Philinking Smith like he's up
in the night about just about
everything. And Ezra Topensa, well we
won't even talk about him. Like he's a
swear word, right? and and and and and
but now we're realizing like uhoh
uh oh, we're in trouble now. And um and
the Lord says this is what's going to
happen. He says the Lord of the vineyard
and he because he says in there in this
parable he says the watchman of the he's
like if you had built the tower like I
said you would have seen the enemy. You
would have seen what was coming. You
would have been ready and now you're
stuck.
And he and he he said, "You would have
saved my vineyard from the hands of the
destroyer." The vineyard is in the hands
of the destroyer. And it says, "The Lord
of the vineyard said unto one of his
servants, go gather together the residue
of my servants. Take all the strength of
my house, which are my warriors, my
young men, and they that are of middle
middle age also among all my servants
who are the strength of my house. Go
straight into the land of my vineyard.
Redeem my vineyard, for it is mine. I
have bought it with money." And then
they go in, they break down the walls of
the enemies. They throw down their
tower. They scatter the it's a war,
right? Like this is a war. And um that's
at DNC 101 in DNC. Oh, then the servant
says because the Lord says, "Hey, I'm
going to tell one of my servants to go
gather this army." And the servant says
back to the Lord, he says, "When is this
going to happen?" Like, "When is this
going to be?" And he says, "When I will
go and do what I've told you to do."
>> Yeah.
>> That's a typical response of the Lord,
right?
In Doctrine Covenants 103, which is a
follow on revelation to this, the Lord
specifically identifies the servant
called to gather this army as Joseph
Smith.
>> Interesting.
>> So,
>> well, that man's dead,
>> right? So, obviously that's a failed
prophecy. So, I'm kidding. So, 1840. So,
this is um DNC 101. That's 1833. So,
seven years later, we're in Nauvoo and
Joseph Smith gives this address and he
talks about this and he talks about the
olive trees being scattered. The olive
trees are a symbol of the house of
Israel, the people. They're they're
scattered. So, again, when we were
talking about that gathering where we're
like, we were gathering and now we're
scattering. Um he Yeah, we are
scattered. We're we're everywhere. Um
and and then he says he says even this
nation America will be on the very verge
of crumbling to pieces and tumbling to
the ground. And when the constitution is
upon the brink of ruin, this people,
Latter-day Saints, right, will be the
staff upon which the nation shall lean,
and they shall bear the constitution
away from the very verge of destruction.
Then shall the Lord say, "Go tell all my
servants who are the strength of my
house." See, so now he's starting to
quote this revelation he got seven years
before, but it's in context of saving
the Constitution in a state where the
nation is on the brink of ruin.
Everything's falling apart, right? He
says, "Then the Lord's going to be like,
"Okay, I'm going to insert Joseph Smith
because we know from DNC 103, that's
Joseph Smith, right?" He's like, "Go
gather the strength of my house, my
young men, my middle-aged. Come to the
land of my vineyard and fight the battle
of the Lord." Right? If you're gathering
your young men in your middle age, this
is not an elders quorum
conference session, right? The the these
are not old old guys. I mean, all due
respect, but when you go gather your
young men in your middle age, this is an
army. They're fighting a battle, right?
Um and then he says, "Then the foreign
saints shall come to fight for the land
of my vineyard, for in this thing shall
be their safety. They shall have no part
to choose but will come as a man fleth
from a sudden destruction. Right?
They're not going to have a choice. It's
going to be like if you stay if you stay
in South America, if you stay in Europe,
if you stay in China, you're not going
to make it. So everybody come together
and there will be these men who have
rallied together
under Joseph Smith. Now what does this
mean? Because we have to be careful here
with like interpreting, right? Um, a lot
of people like you said, well, Joseph
Smith is dead, right? So, this gets into
an area and we did a whole documentary
on this. It's called the prophet Joseph
more than we know where we went through
all of these statements from presidents
of the church, Brigham Young, Hebrew C.
Kimell, um, Wilfr, others, and Joseph
Smith even himself.
Um, where they said Joseph Smith did
not, he finished his mortal work, but he
did not finish all the work that the
Lord had for him. Just like Jesus
Christ, right? Jesus Christ comes and
everyone's like, "He's the Messiah. He's
the king. Here we go." And the apostles
aren't apostles are in shock when he
dies, right? Because they're like,
"Wait, wait, wait. This is not the
plan." Like, Jesus, you didn't finish
what Isaiah said you were going to do,
right? What's going on? And it's like,
haha, you don't realize the work
continues after the grave. And there's
this thing called resurrection. And
there's this thing called finishing the
story, right? And a I think we
understand a lot of this even as
ourselves with patriarchal blessings. A
lot of people are like something didn't
happen like in my patriarchal blessing.
Your patriarchal blessing is not just
your mortal life. It it it is the full
time period. Sometimes our view is just
very narrow. If you read Joseph Smith's
patriarchal blessing and some of his
other pries blessings which you can
read, they're publicly available. It's
not like some secret document. There's
so many things. Most of the things in
there he did not do during his moral
life. And it talks about him actually
crushing enemies in war. It talks about
him translating additional records,
translating so many scriptural records
that he's literally going to be like,
"Stop, stop, stop. Like, I can't. No
more scripture. Like, this is too much
scripture coming at me."
and um the wealth and the cities he's
going to build and um the natural
disasters of the last days that he's the
one directing it which you if you
actually think about this doctrinally he
is the one who holds the keys of the
dispensation nothing happens in our day
without coming through him. So whether
he is here in person or whether he is
the one directing everything, he is the
he's the boss. He is the general, he's
the commander leading this under under
Jesus Christ, of course. Um, so some
people have grabbed those quotes and
they're like, I've heard everything from
Joseph Smith is reincarnated in Provo
translating the seal portion right now
and if you're special, you can get in
with this offshoot group and read it.
I'm not interested. Sorry. Um, or and
it's the same thing that Jesus tells his
disciples and he warns them about in
Matthew where he says, "If I if you
hear, you're going to hear." Oh, Jesus
is in the desert there.
>> He is there. He is there. You know,
yeah, come. Yeah, that's right.
>> And he says he says, "I will tell you
where he is. Where the eagle is, where
the carcass is, there will the eagles be
gathered.
When Bigham Young builds Salt Lake,
there's this beautiful gate that is
literally called Eagle Gate
right there at Temple Square." I'm
telling you the symbolism everywhere is
like this is where the carcass is
everyone. This is where are gathering.
This is where the work is.
>> Okay, hold on. I I've got to pause you
because
there's a lot to unpack here, but I have
to say two things that that for me
they're still awesome, but I you know,
we spoke earlier, so I heard them
before, but you know, so I just have to
kind of go back and say this is a sock
blowing off the feet moment cuz what you
just said, if people didn't actually
hear it was is that the saints, the
elders of Israel, an army type are going
to gather from other parts of the world
to come and physically fight for Zion to
redeem it to, you know, because because
the because America's, you know,
basically no more,
>> right? So that's what you said and
Joseph Smith is orchestrating all this,
right? And um some of this may be the
veil that we cannot see. Would you say
that some of this is also within our
side of the veil that that a resurrected
uh his res his resurrected personage
would uh would come at times to to do
some of these things? It sounds like it
would when it comes to the translations
you mentioned, but when it comes to
maybe these battleic uh things to redeem
Zion, do you feel like that he would
also be there as well?
>> It's it's hard. I don't know for sure.
So, you know, I'm um the one the things
I do know is this one, it will always be
done through proper keys.
>> Always.
>> So, we don't
I don't want anybody running off on any
crazy tangents and crazy groups, you
know?
Like, no. Okay. It it's going it's it's
it's going to be through the proper
channels. So, don't get into any weird
stuff. Um, Brigham Young does talk about
in one of his quotes, he says that
Joseph and Hyram will be personally in
resurrected form in Jackson County,
Missouri, laying out the inheritances.
So, laying out, okay, this person gets
this parcel of land. This person gets
this parcel of land. You know,
Alexander's been good, so we're going to
give him this plot. Hannah's it's a
little iffy, so we're going to go like
maybe over here.
you know, I'm being I'm being funny
there, but um right. So, and he says he
says, "Will they be in the flesh?" Like,
is it going to be just this like spirit
thing or in the flesh? And he was like,
"Absolutely. They're going to be here in
the flesh." And he says, "They will be
ruling Joseph and Hyram." He mentions
Joseph and Hyram specifically in
Brigham. They will be ruling in
Jerusalem
and in America, and there will be a
uniting of the two governments. So, we
don't often think of Joseph Smith ruling
Jerusalem.
>> No, not at all.
>> 100%. I mean, in fact, who's the one who
went to rededicate? Like, he sends Orson
Hyde to dedicate the land, and then he
sends George J. Smith, who was his
cousin, and Eliza Snow, who was his
wife. After his death, they went to
rededicate the land of Palestine. And
it's this whole story. Well, also so let
me just say that also makes sense
because um if you go more into what
you've been discussing about the
bloodline and stuff um and you read
about what Jo like Brigham Young was
very emphatic and I never understood not
even as much until just today talking to
you right now why Brigham Young would
emphasize so much about Joseph Smith's
bloodline. of course he would be the one
to rule in in Jerusalem because based
off his bloodline he is he is the
rightful heir and king over all of
Israel because uh because of his descent
his lineage of Joseph but also isn't he
also part of Judah as well isn't there
isn't there in him
>> yeah so so he's a descendant of Jesus
Christ bloodline
>> which so so there's that uh there's that
rightful heirship but also from when it
from the original father's blessings
coming from Abraham he's also the right
so he's like the convert virgins, you
know,
>> and if you want even something even
cruer,
um, so Eliza Snow was told that she was
of the royal house of Judah. She was a
royal princess of Judah.
>> Wow.
>> Um, Helen Mark Kimble, also one of her
blessings declares her as Judah as well
as Ephraim. Um, and then Sarah and
Whitney, who was also sealed to the
prophet Joseph Smith, the sealing
ceremony was revealed by the Lord. the
marriage vows. And in the marriage vows,
the Lord says that the reason why they
needed to marry was to rebuild the house
of David, the royal house of David. And
so, this was a marriage of bloodlines of
coming together. So you have these women
who are the princesses, the these these
carrying these rights to the throne and
they're marrying Joseph Smith to also
give him rights to that to those
thrones.
>> So this is this is why the whole concept
of plural marriage goes so far deep. And
a lot of people will be like like this
sounds like really medieval or really
archaic and and medieval Europe and all
of that is just a corruption of these
ideals that are really actually true.
The ideas of kingdoms and and monarchies
and bloodlines and um and it's abused.
When it's abused, it's evil. Evil 100%.
We don't believe it. We don't want it.
That's why our ancestors left.
Um but there is a true form. is always
messing, you know. Um, so
it's
the the reason why bringing Joseph Smith
in here, we're like, well, if he's dead
and he's on the other side anyway, who
cares if we know, like, how is he
running this this battle? And this is
where I go back to the elders of Israel
are not saving the Constitution right
now.
>> Is it possibly because we are not
following our general? When you're
fighting a war, if all the soldiers are
in mutiny and they're not listening to
their general, can that war succeed?
>> No. Or or if they have no longer they
can no longer see his, you know, his
flag. They can no longer hear the beat
of the drum, right? They know not where
he's leading them, right? They don't
even know where he's at, right? Because
we're all so distracted, right? I I
mean, I think going back to what we
said, uh, we were talking about very in
the beginning about your faith crisis
books. That's a very great example. This
is what causes many uh elders of Israel
to no longer see Joseph Smith as he
ought to be seen and understood and
follow him as our general because of the
fact that we're like, "Oh, like stone in
the hat and and so on and so forth."
Like,
>> yeah, I'm not following this guy. This
guy's an idiot. He's a bumbling buffoon.
No way am I following him into battle.
I'm not operating my entire life and
changing everything and going against
the current of everything the world is
telling me after a guy who's an idiot.
Like, and you're justified. I wouldn't
either. I would not follow an idiot
either.
I wouldn't. Um, and that is why 100%
that is why Satan is assassinating
Joseph Smith's character within the
church where it's like, oh yeah, like
love him. He's a prophet. That's so
great, but he's also kind of dumb,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> That is the that's the most sinister
evil. I'm way more concerned about that
agenda than I am of people even leaving
the church.
and way more because you just neutralize
and someone thinks their faith is
intact. They think their testimony is
strong. They think they're following the
program and they're they're asleep,
right? And so this is the time, okay,
the parable of the 10 virgins. How many
of the virgins were asleep?
>> All of them.
>> All of them. Not just the foolish. The
wise virgins, the ones with oil were
asleep. They're not hearing. They're not
awake, alert, understanding what they're
supposed to do. And then the time comes,
they're woken up, and it's like, "Okay,
now I know what to do. I got to kick it
in gear." And and and we follow that
direction. Joseph Smith himself said, he
said, "I am the greatest advocate of the
Constitution.
He restored the Book of Mormon, which is
the greatest textbook of how to save
liberty." If we're like, "Well, what
would Joseph Smith want us to do if he
were here?" Maybe we should start with
the very first thing he gave us and it
was literally Moroni came it the work
was begun on the feast of trumpets which
if you study the whole feast of trumpets
with Hebrew symbolism it's all about
declaring liberty to the captives this
is when their kings were anointed it's
about
>> realize that a lot of trumpets is about
temporal kingdom building
>> not just spiritual so the spring ones
are about
>> spiritual
>> so when Moroni shows He's literally and
what does it say? He says, "I had all
these conversations with Moroni about
how the kingdom should be set up in the
last days." Before he can even start
translating the Book of Mormon, he's got
to understand the kingdom because the
Book of Mormon is the vehicle to build
that kingdom.
>> Wow.
>> Right. This is when he says Daniel has
this vision of the stone rolling forth
from the mountain without hands and he
says I am the individual who's going to
start this foundation and it's going to
revolutionize the world goes way beyond
baptism folks
>> um and and and again everything in the
the temple this changes your whole
perspective on the temple. temple is the
covenants to empower you with the power
to go and save liberty, to go actually
build the kingdoms, to go build the
nations. They're they're they're tied
together all of this. Um,
man, there is like
so much more you could you could go
into, but um I know we're like pretty
much out of time, so I'm trying to think
if there's any
>> No, you're like I'm going this blows my
mind. Um so let me let me ask this then.
So these uh in these last days, right,
we we see the signs of these times
happening and um
what
in your opinion, I have my own opinion
here, but uh in your opinion,
what is the first thing an elder in
Israel in order to prepare them
themselves for this role in these last
days, what's the first thing they should
really um re, you know, or study up on
or or or or really uh firm firm their
testimonies in. I mean I mean aside from
like Jesus Christ the Book of Mormon
like I it's not the testimony side it's
the uh action what's the actionable side
that they need to really work on right
uh when it for building their character
in the right direction because in my
mind I instantly go family proclamation
you know uh preside provide protect
right they they have to comprehend and
live up to those those uh divine
designed ideals
um but but like what what are your
thoughts like like what what should the
elder Israel do now for for preparation?
>> It's a such a good question because
every individual is going to have a
unique spot to stand in and every spot
is needed. Needed. Okay. Someone told me
recently, they're like, "My entire life
I didn't feel needed until a few years
ago. Like, what can I contribute?" I'm
like, "Don't think that. Okay. We're
dying here." Um,
I'm I'm just going to kind of share just
a few thoughts that come to my mind, but
I think the biggest thing is once you
kind of feel the call and you're
studying the call and kind of getting
the the information, I think you got to
take it to the Lord. Um, and I saw that
I saw that with my dad's life where he
really went to the Lord and he said,
"Okay, Lord, like what do you want me to
do?" The Lord's like, "I want you to do
video." He's like, "I've never even
touched a video camera. guess I'll try
to figure out how to do this from home.
Yeah.
>> And then he's like, "What should I start
on?" Lord was like, "Do a documentary on
what the prophets taught on science and
evolution." He was like, "What?" Like
that was not even really a topic growing
up. Like I'm telling you, like he he was
the guy he taught public school and he
he loved to say that he was one of the
few teachers who taught the 5,000-year
leap in the government school and
survived to tell about it.
Was in the 90s um down in Fredonia. But
um but he just and and I saw as he just
okay, obey the next step, obey the next
step, obey the next step. The Lord just
led. Um and it took courage. It took
when people were criticizing and being
like, you're crazy. You're weird. What
are you doing? Just be like, "Nope, I'm
going to do what the Lord wants." Like
Lehi, right? It doesn't matter.
Everyone's like, "You're a visionary
man. This is crazy." Just you got you
got to do it. And the Lord will lead
you. He will not command in all things,
but he will guide you in all things as
you keep saying. Yes. Um, but this was a
prompting I had. So, in 2024, we did a
Book of Mormon podcast, the Joseph Smith
Foundation. It's on YouTube still called
the 4 a day podcast where we were going
through the Book of Mormon. So many
people loved it. We still got to finish
it. But, um, we did 30 hours of content
paralleling the Book of Mormon very
specifically with our day. It's the
4-day model which is the proposal that
Mormon saw to envision and laid it out
chronologically
to follow the signs of the times in the
last days. So when you read the Book of
Mormon, you're actually reading the
signs of the times in our day in
basically the same chronological order.
The Reformation is a very direct
parallel with Lehi, the translation of
the Bible. And yeah, go ahead. So, so
okay, because I've wondered about this
and um and it's no it it's always out
stood out to me that after you have this
period of of um uh Captain Moroni,
right? You get into Heliliman and you
get where the entire nation crumbles and
people break up into tribes, right?
>> And then then the getting robbers are so
bad everyone's like we got to come
together and like, you know, weather the
storm, right? And gather our our food
storage together. Um, and I had always
wondered like how how literally do do I
take timelines because I see a lot of
parallels in the buildup to to the
nation crumbling then. But also that I'm
like but at the same time we're still
very much in a Kamoronai time right now.
Like do you feel like it like so what
you're saying is after this Kamoronai
time period that I think I think we're
in but we're getting near the end of
we're going that's when the the
Heliliman crumbling of the nation
tribalism comes forth. Is that what
you're saying? Yes. I think you have to
be really really careful on like the
date for date. So I know some people
like the sign of his coming like it's
going to be 2033. Jesus is going to come
just like 8033 for the Nephi.
>> I would not do that. In fact, I have
very distinctly felt the spirit say do
not go there. If you go there you're
going to get off track really fast. Um
prophecy is always about themes, ideas,
periods, kind of the point, right? The
Lord does that to kind of make you work
through it. He doesn't just turn your
brain off and I'll spell it out like day
by day, right?
>> Um I do feel like we're in more of a
helum in time period and there's some
reasons for that based on um some of the
stories with Nephi obtaining the ceiling
keys. You see great conversion among the
Lammonites. You see very specific things
Mormon points out the members of the
church were struggling with disbelief in
revelation, a disregard of the
scriptures. Interesting. specific things
that we are being hit with right now way
more than we were 50 years ago, 30 years
ago,
>> 20 years ago.
>> I remember a completely almost different
community and culture when I was growing
up. I'm not that old. So,
um, and and there's some very
interesting things with Nephi when he's
given the ceiling keys. The language of
it parallels DNC 132 when Joseph Smith
is given the ceiling keys. And I'm very
suspicious whether Nephi is actually a
type of Joseph Smith in the work he's
doing on the other side in this fight
for freedom. Anyway, that's a whole
another subject. But there's just some
stuff in there where you're like
Mormon's like sneaking stuff in there
and I can just hear him chuckling on the
other side like I see this one, you
know? Um but and and and I I love the
examples of Nephi and Lehi, the two
brothers, um the the prophet generals
that fight against the Gadant robbers.
These are men who have the rights to
prophecy. They're converting people with
remission of sins. Like there there's
this spiritual rebirth that's going on
that I think we really need at this
time. Um but I'm very cautious on
putting stuff. So it's kind of like go
where you feel. Um, I per I personally
wonder if Captain Morai fits a little
bit closer with the Ezra Tap Benson era
just with the parallels with the Mali
Zone.
>> But it's it's all good, right? I I
resonate with Lehi. I I resonate like
don't don't lock down into that too.
>> Well, I because I even think of like
President Monson's, you know, um what
was it? Uh to the rescue is was very
much a uh Al Alma the Younger and Amu um
you know, sort of theme.
At least in my mind, you know, it was
very much like that.
>> So much stuff. So, um I'm trying to
remember why I brought up the 4day
model. Anyway, oh yes, I can now
remember going. So, I was working on
um one of the it was one of the last
podcasts that I did and oh, it was the
one on King Mosiah actually in the laws
of Mosiah and I just had this very
distinct prompting and it was you've got
to say in this podcast like the Book of
Mormon has the answer if we will start
following the way that it teaches to
fight for freedom we will see success
like the way will open up.
>> And I was asking the Lord I was like
well what's the way? Like I want to lay
it out like here you go guys like here's
the blueprint right if we do this then
this will happen then this will happen
and here it is and I just felt faith
precedes the miracle
the Lord is asking us to take that first
step and he's promising and I felt so
distinctly and I feel like even now it
is a promise from the Lord if we will
take that first step and say okay Lord I
am not going to be under condemn I have
been called to repentance by the Lord as
treating the Book of Mormon lightly 100%
% where he's like you and your family
are under condemnation because you are
not using this Book of Mormon. Like I
remember right before we started the
4day podcast actually I was sitting
there and I'm always thinking I'm like
how do we help people right and how do
we inspire change and all this and the
Lord just asked me he was like do you
actually believe that the Book of Mormon
is the most correct book on the face of
the earth and do you actually believe
that I gave it as the tool to gather
Israel? That's what Jesus talks about
when he comes to the Nephites. He was
like, "Do you actually believe that?"
And I'm like, and it was and it was, "Do
you believe what Ezra Tap Benson?" So
Ezra Tap Benson gave two talks. Um, one
on the Book of Mormon. Um, and I'm
trying to remember Book of Mormon, a
witness and a warning. I don't know.
It's when he issued the challenge to the
church. And he was like, I want that
we're flooded with the Book of Mormon.
And then a couple years later, he gives
his other talk, Flooding the Earth with
the Book of Mormon. Everyone needs to
read this talk. Is the most powerful
talk. And he calls the Latter-day
Saints. He says, "I don't know why I'm
still alive." He's like, "I should be
dead. I don't know why the Lord has
preserved my life, but he was like, if
the Lord was here, he would tell you, it
is the time is now to get this Book of
Mormon out to the people." He was like,
"We need movies. We need musicals. We
need music. We need poetry. We need
art." He's like, "I have this vision of
the Book of Mormon like thundering
through pulpit like all over like the
world. I have this vision of people
taking it seriously." And I'm telling
you, I listened to that talk 6 months
before I started the 4-day podcast. It
was at a time I was like what should we
do and stuff like that and I have my own
witness. Ezar Tapbenson was on a mission
from the Lord. If Jesus Christ had been
standing there he would not have said
one word different than Ezra Tap Benson
said at that pulpit. And that promise is
true and the time is now. It was now in
1980 when he said it but it's like even
more now and the time is ticking. And um
I remember I was sitting there, it was a
like a little while after that and I was
you know I'm like what's the best way
really like we're trying to do this and
and I was just like do you actually
believe Ezra Tbenson was a prophet? Do
you actually believe cuz he he has
promises in there. He's like if we will
do this he's like addiction will be
broken homes will be strong. All of this
stuff and it was like do you actually
believe this? And I was like well yeah
duh like of course. And the Lord was
like, "Really? You really believe this?
Because if you really believed it,
everything you do would be oriented
around this. And I see you distracted on
a lot of different topics and battles
and thinking about this and thinking
about that. I don't see you taking this
so seriously. If you really believed
this would change everything,
I would see it. You know, we wouldn't
just be talking about it. It would it
would encompass everything." And I was
like, Lord, you are 100% right. You are
spot on, dude.
Change.
>> Calling me to repentance right now, too.
Right.
>> He's calling all of us, right? And the
Lord is saying, you are condemned as a
people until you do this. And if we will
do it, the way will open up if we will.
And and it's not just Book of Mormon
because in that prophecy about the
condemnation, he says, "The Book of
Mormon and the other revelations you've
received." That means the Doctrine and
Covenants, too.
>> Interesting. That means the teachings of
Joseph Smith. Do we even know what
Joseph Smith taught on Zion? Do we even
know what he taught on marriage? Are we
living it?
I I run the Joseph Smith Foundation. I
can say very conclusively as a people,
we do not know what Joseph Smith taught
and we are not living it.
I I'm right there. I am not pointing
fingers at anyone. Trust me. I'm just
trying to keep my family out of trouble.
Right.
>> Trust me. I'm just trying to do BookMart
with my family three times a week for
our family scriptures and just
constantly praying like, "Lord, thank
you for being so patient with us because
we are a handful
right with you. But we've got to do
this. And if we do it, the windows of
heaven will open. If we go, we need to
go study what the prophet said about the
house of Israel and who we are. the the
these doctrines, these books are rusting
away in trash bins at DI, right? The the
these words that the prophets gave us,
they literally sacrificed their lives.
Joseph Hilding Smith, Joseph F. Smith,
Brigham Young to give us this material
and we're throwing it away. So, we need
to turn off the TV. We need to turn off
the podcast. We need to turn off the
influencers, including Hannah Stoddard,
and we need to go,
>> including me,
>> go to the men who actually know what
they're doing. And if we will be humble
and we will follow them, and we will put
it into practice, the Lord will open it
up. He'll be like, "Here you go. Here's
what to do." And we will see Zion be
built. I know it without a shadow of a
doubt.
>> Wow. Um,
well, I didn't have socks anymore to
begin with. I don't even know if I have
feet anymore. like just like this is
just I don't even have a brain. My
head's gone because this blew my mind.
That is the best answer I think I ever
like I feel very ashamed that uh that
because I represent the dumb Latter- Day
Saints uh and that my thinking is so
simplistic. I'm like yeah the you know
presid protect like Bookamor. I'm like
uh that this makes so much more sense.
there's so much more power there and to
utilize it in in a far greater capacity
than we've ever imagined. Um th this is
this is it's it's poetic like like all
these things coming together. Um I just
have to say if you know if you're
listening to this what Hannah has been
teaching us here is you know your
identity is so great so much greater
than oh you're just of the house of you
know you know of Ephraim that's their
tribe. Okay, great. No, you are a
remnant of Joseph. Like like you have a
stake in the fight for liberty.
>> Yeah.
>> And and the the the the stage that we're
playing on, there's some major events
coming. And uh we've got we've got all
the tools, but none of us are picking
them up.
>> Yes. Yes.
>> And it was time for us to pick them up
and and to like really, you know, build
up these muscles, you know, like like
dig, you know, do do all the things with
them so that way we are spiritually
um prepared, right? Like we will not
survive these last days. Well, that
closess to the spirit isn't going to
happen unless we live up to our
privileges.
>> No. Close with one other thought here
just cuz it's coming to my mind so I
want to share it. Um we really are in a
hard time. So, if anyone's feeling
overwhelmed or like dumb ladder saying
like, "No, you're not dumb." Like, this
is a really hard time. We're really at a
hard point. Um, but probably one of my
greatest heroes in the scriptures was
also at rock bottom or worse than rock
bottom and that was Abraham. He's coming
from a dad who tries to kill him. He's
literally growing up at grand like
central station, ground zero for the
foundations of Balism, Baal, um, Nimrod,
like he's one of the most evil men in
history. Like everything, everything
pagan like comes from there and he's
right there in the cesspool in the
middle of it.
His dad tries to kill him. Don't try to
tell me this guy didn't have a lot of
garbage to unpack and a lot of trauma on
top of that.
And um
and he says Abraham one and I think it's
verse two I want to say I'm telling you
this is one of my favorite scriptures
and I feel like every single person can
resonate with this. And he says in
there, he's like, I found there, you
know, he he starts out and he's like,
he's like, you know, I I found it was
needful for me to obtain another place
of residence. Like very
>> describing
>> a very traumatic situation. You're like,
I think it's time for me to move.
>> Um, but he says, I found there was
greater happiness and peace and rest for
me. He's like, there's a better way to
live this life because what I've
inherited is trash. And he says, "So I
sought for the blessings of the fathers
and the right." He's like the priest of
authority to be able to administer the
same. He's like, I want to obtain this
for myself and then I want to give it to
others. And and so then he talks about
he wanted to become this father of many
nations, this prince of peace. He went
back to the fathers. So when you just
said that and you're you're like it's
dumb, but it's actually not dumb. Like
the family proclamation, presside,
provide, protect. But what do those
words even mean? The only way we're
going to even know what those words mean
is again, scrap the influencers, scrap
the podcasts,
like says, you guys are all confused.
You're all gone astray. Even the humble
followers, even those of you that are
trying so much, it's just like, oh dear
friends. Oh dear. You don't have a clue
what you're talking about. Bless your
hearts. We've got to go back to the men
who knew what they were talking about.
If you want to know as a father how to
preside, protect, and provide, go to the
fathers of the Book of Mormon, Lehi.
Look at how Lehi disciplines his sons,
how he leads, how he talks to the Lord.
And it's not like, oh, Lehi was a
prophet. No, he wasn't. He was just a
dad. Read it. He was not the leader of
the church. He was just a dad who said,
"We are in a mess." And he literally
lays down his life to protect his
people. And then everyone's trying to
kill him. So the Lord's like, "You know
what? You've proven yourself worthy.
Let's take you on another adventure.
>> Yeah.
>> And he's got problems. He's got kids
struggling and kids succeeding. He has a
wife that's on board part of the time
and then struggling the other part of
the time. It's packed. Alma the Younger
is an amazing dad. He teaches you how to
work with a son who literally left his
mission for for morality issues. If
that's not relevant to today, tell me
what is. You know, he he's trying to
turn a whole church around that's going
apostate with crazy doctrines and he's
trying to keep everyone in line after he
pulls himself out of his own mess. An
amazing man. He will teach you how to be
a father. Don't go to the movies. Don't
go to all the experts today. The Book of
Mormon will teach you how to be a good
father. And for the women, I want to say
going back to Abraham,
Abraham had a lot of trauma to unpack
trying to come out and fight this fight.
And I am telling you, Sarah was there
with a lot of late night pillow talks,
helping him work through that patiently,
lovingly, understanding.
This guy's going to um need to work
through a lot of these things. He's
trying to figure out how to be a dad.
was handed nothing. He's trying to
figure it out. And the two of them
worked together. First Peter is where
Peter specifically, he uses Sarah as an
example and he's like, "Be like Sarah."
If you're married to a man who's
breaking the commandments, if you're
married to someone who's not listening
to God, then I want you to do it this
way and be like Sarah and trust God. And
you're like,
>> that's a little like I don't want to
read too much into the story here, but
that's just kind of interesting. And as
I was thinking about that, I'm I I hate
when people throw Abraham under the bus
and it's like this whole thing with
Hagar was like like no, no, no, no, no,
okay. Abraham was amazing. He was a
righteous man.
>> So don't misinterpret what I'm saying is
he was a bad person. But I'm saying he
was also human and he had moments of
struggling. And Sarah was the perfect
feminine companion to help him through
that. This is what we've got to do.
We've got to have marriages. God has
never built churches and turn movements
around by influencers. It's just not how
he does it. He built the entire house of
Israel from a family. He saved the
entire house of Israel from famine with
a brother trying to put up with his
crazy brothers. He built the entire
Nephite nation. The entire Book of
Mormon is a family who tried to go
colonize literally the Wild West of
America, right? Um, this is our story.
Look to them as the examples and you'll
have the answers. Anyway, I know I'm
talking a lot, but
>> no, I I'm loving it. This is this is
amazing. Um, yeah, this is this has been
amazing. Um, I really appreciate your
insight and um, this everything we've
talked about here really does perfectly
align I feel like in my heart with what
the Lord really wants us to hear, right?
I'm not saying anything we say replaces
any messages that come from general
conference or the prophets and apostles
that
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're trying to help
people to be better followers of the
prophets, right? And and to prepare
themselves. I all I can say in this sort
of scenario is that we try so much as
latter saints because it's a lazy
natural man tendency to put it all on
the prophets and apostles be like well
unless they say exactly how much food
storage or or you know or or or you know
like like unless they tell me exactly
and give you all the things they ought
to be doing I'm not going to worry about
it right and anything isn't adding on to
it. It's like no they, you know, they
they are going to speak to us, give us
pertinent things. Uh but but at all
times, every day, we ought to be
communing with the Lord. I mean, even
Moses said, "I wish that everyone was a
prophet in Israel." Like like my job
would be so much easier if you all would
just commune with the Lord, receive
revelations from him, and and live your
lives accordingly. And hopefully this
has given Ezra Japenson has a really
good talk. I think it's called not
commanded in all things.
>> That sounds familiar actually.
>> So that that talk 100% what you're
saying. So keep going with your thought.
I just want to say that everyone needs
to go read that talk.
>> I I agree. And I also I'm going to put a
bunch of links in the description here
for all these documentaries that you uh
talked about because they sound amazing
and I'm really ashamed. I haven't even
watched them yet. I'm like wait what
that exists? This exist like so
that's pretty awesome.
>> I worked for 20 years. this crazy family
in Utah and Stoddard's kids.
>> Well, well, um Hannah, thank you so
much, uh for being with us. And uh
everyone, if you're listening to this,
check out these things. Check out these
resources and definitely check out the
Jose Smith Foundation. There's so many
amazing more uh resources in there. Read
up um and and
rally together, guys. Like, this is this
is we're we're in the day and age. This
is an exciting time.